my needle drops we just hit 1 million
video views 1 million forever
1 million forever piggy go bye-bye says
in the mod box something about wanting
to hear my favorite albums of 2010 so
far so I've listed them out these are in
no particular order but number one go
into Sufis a Sufi and a killer this
thing is an insane mash-up between
hip-hop and everything everything on the
planet Vampire Weekend's contra and I
don't want to hear anything about how
Vampire Weekend dresses or how they're
privileged or how they act because that
has nothing to do with their music
number three the tallest man on Earth's
the wild hunt quite possibly one of the
greatest acoustic solo singer/songwriter
records I have come across in a long
time number four if you're looking for
something that will literally beat the
living Slynt out of you little woman's
throat this is highly highly recommended
a must listen high on fire snakes for
the divine it's not really akin to the
band's earlier stuff but still really
great album great guitar playing very
very relentless very fiery LCD
Soundsystem this is happening this thing
amazed me from first listen I was just
in love with this record the moment I
put it on the moment I just heard the
drums hitting the keyboards hitting it's
just a fantastic LP I know there's a lot
of people hating on LCD and that's okay
but I'm liking it beach house Teen Dream
yeah these guys really outdid themselves
on their third album and really sort of
went out on a limb and tried a lot of
different sounds and for me anyway it
just all works no complaints with this
LP and if you're not listening to this
thing and you've given beach houses
earlier stuff a listen and you dig it
you're really missing out for tet there
is loving you for tet is
clearly right up there with caribou and
FX twin and square pusher one of the
most creative minds in electronic music
today if you're not listening to this
guy and you're into electronic then you
really need to be here
Janelle monáe's Ark Android for obvious
reasons it's awesome Adam Green minor
love this is really one of the tightest
most straightforward LPS Adam green has
ever put together sort of a departure
from a lot of the schmaltzy arrangements
and kind of the indulgences of his past
records really trying to get into
production and make things sound huge
and big just big production anyway
that's repetitive I really love Adam
Green's voice he just croons lots of
weird off-kilter lyrics but still the
melodies are very sweet and the hooks
are there I think this is one of the
best things he's ever come out with in
terms of rap releases I've listened to
I've got to give it to the roots how I
got over this year this thing is
fantastic I loved the songs on it
hearing black thoughts sing on this
thing was really exciting too he did a
great job
I love the emotion of this album I love
the sentiment of this album and for the
most part the songs are just really
tight a lot of guest spots but it
doesn't take away from the cohesion and
the theme of this record and I'm gonna
list one more
MGMT's congratulations I felt like this
was an exciting turn of direction for
the band just really going into hey you
know what screw singles screw this screw
that we're just gonna make a big
holistic psyche rock record and even
though yeah it's not the most
experimental psych it's not the most
out-there psych Rock the guys really do
stick to the classics sound of this
genre while still updating it for 2010
there you go Anthony Fantan oh the
needle drop lists forever
[Music]